Your goal is to implement a model that is given Czech text in lowercase and tries to capitalize the appropriate letters. To load the dataset, use the uppercase_data.py module, which loads the data. Do not use any other training or validation data. This task is also a competition. Everyone who submits a solution achieving at least 98.50% accuracy (on the dev set) before the due date will receive 15 points; the 15 bonus points will be then distributed depending on the relative ordering of your solutions (15 points for 1st place, 12 points for 2nd place, 9 points for 3rd place, ..., 3 points for 5th place). Everyone who submits a solution that achieves at least 98.50% accuracy (on the dev set) after the due date but before the cutoff date (June 3, 2026, 08:00 a.m.) will receive 10 points.

For this task, you may work in teams of at most two members. In that case, EACH member must submit the same files and declare all team members (you can use the comment section of the Moodle submission system). All the team members will then receive the same points according to their solution.

The accuracy is computed per character and can be evaluated by running uppercase_data.py with the --evaluate_against_file argument or using its evaluate_file method. You may want to start with the uppercase.py template, which uses uppercase_data.py to load the data, generate an alphabet of a given size containing the most frequent characters, and create a sliding window view of the data. The template also discusses possible approaches to character representation.

For submission, submit your training script with all specified parameters, the trained model (or at least model weights), and prediction files (uppercase_dev.txt, uppercase_test.txt) for the dev and test sets, respectively. Check your code using the provided 04_code_check.py to avoid common mistakes preventing you from getting the points. Submit also the modified 04_code_check.py file.

If the model file (or model weights file) is too large for submission (above 100 MB limit), please use filesender.cesnet.cz, uschovna.cz, etc., and include the download link in the comments. Please do not publicly share your solutions or models (e.g., on GitHub). If you use GitHub, set the repository to private and share it only with me (username: computer-binary-code) instead of making it public.

Do not use RNNs, CNNs, or Transformers in this task (if you have doubts, contact me).