Solve the CartPole-v1 environment (https://gymnasium.farama.org/environments/classic_control/cart_pole/) from the OpenAI Gym (https://gym.openai.com/), utilizing only the provided supervised training data. Each line contains one observation (four space-separated floats) and a corresponding action (the last space-separated integer). Your model can have one or two outputs (i.e., using an output layer with one neuron and a sigmoid output function, or two neurons and a softmax output function). Start with the provided gym_cartpole.py. The solution to this task should be a model that passes evaluation on random inputs. This evaluation can be performed by running the gym_cartpole.py with the --evaluate_only argument (optionally rendering if the --render option is provided), or by directly calling the evaluate_model method.

Submit both your gym_cartpole.py source and the trained model (the .pt file created by gym_cartpole.py). Check your code using the provided 03_code_check.py to avoid common mistakes preventing you from getting the points. Submit also the modified 03_code_check.py file.

To receive the points, you must achieve an average reward of at least 350 on 100 episodes. You will receive 15 points upon successful completion before the due date. This task is also a competition. Three models with the best average scores will receive another 5 bonus points each. Everyone who submits a successful solution after the due date but before the cutoff date (June 3, 2026, 08:00 a.m.) will receive 10 points (and no bonus points). 